Add reformat on save hint to contribution doc (#91693)
elastic/elasticsearch: CONTRIBUTING.md

   4. Click "Browse", and navigate to the file `build-conventions/formatterConfig.xml`
   5. **IMPORTANT** - make sure "Optimize Imports" is **NOT** selected.
   6. Click "OK"
   7. Optional: If you like to format code changes on save automatically, open

>       **Preferences > Tools > Actions on Save** and check "Reformat Code" with the additional
>       options of your choise (e.g. select "Changed lines" to only reformat changed code)

Reviewer: I don't think we want to suggest only formatting changed lines, as it gives the wrong impression of what the formatting requirements are. I'd just omit that part:

```suggestion
      **Preferences > Tools > Actions on Save** and check "Reformat Code", making sure to
      configure Java files.
```
